Update Troubleshooting (#3347)
mattermost/docs: source/install/troubleshooting.rst

4. Replace ``{username}`` with the name of the user you'd like to promote to an admin.

SAML Issues
-------------------

Unable to Switch to SAML Authentication Successfully
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First, ensure you have installed the `XML Security Library <https://www.aleksey.com/xmlsec/download.html>`__ on your Mattermost instance and that **it is available in your** PATH.

Second, ensure you have completed each step of the SAML configuration.

System Administrator locks themselves out of the system
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If the System Administrator is locked out of the system during SAML configuration process, they can set an existing account to System Administrator using `a command line tool <http://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/on-boarding.html#creating-system-administrator-account-from-commandline>`__.

Reviewer: Link is broken.

This error message can also be received if the `Email Attribute` of their SAML credentials doesn't match the email address of their Mattermost account. If so, the user can update the attribute at their identity provider (for instance, back to the old value if it had been previously updated).

``SAML login was unsuccessful because one of the attributes is incorrect. Please contact your System Administrator.``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Confirm all attributes, including `Email Attribute` and `Username Attribute`, are correct in both the Identity Provider configuration and in **System Console > SAML**.

``An error occurred while building Service Provider Metadata.``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This error indicates that the installation does not have an Enterprise license. The error message you receive will look similar to this:

> .. code-block:: sh

Reviewer: Code block not rendering.

To resolve the issue, install Enterprise Edition and restart the process.

``An error occurred while initiating the request to the Identity Provider. Please contact your System Administrator``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This error message can have multiple causes. The log messages provide more information about the root cause and are provided below, along with a suggested fix.

**Issue: Missing a Certificate File.**

.. code-block:: sh

   ERRO[2019-12-20T17:20:24.3999581-07:00] Identity Provider Public Certificate File was not found. Please contact your System Administrator.  caller="mlog/log.go:175" err_details= err_where=SamlInterfaceImpl.BuildRequest http_code=500 ip_addr="::1" method=GET path=/login/sso/saml request_id=tm9ywzxcbj88dypkhjgg8hideo user_id=

Install the Identity Provider Certificate and restart the process.

**Issue: Missing Service Provider Private Key**

.. code-block:: sh

>    ERRO[2019-12-23T08:51:28.423397-07:00] An error occurred while configuring SAML Service Provider  caller="app/enterprise.go:154" error="saml-public.crt: cannot read: failed to get config file saml-private.key: failed to read file from /Users/sbishel/go/src/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/config/saml-private.key: open /Users/sbishel/go/src/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/config/saml-private.key: no such file or directory"

Reviewer 2: I realized you just copied the error messages, I gave you. But can we change the paths to ".../mattermost-server/config/saml-private.key". The beginning part of the path will depend on their install anyway.

Author: Sure - I meant to ask you about that, so thanks for reminding me!

Install the Service Provider Private Key and restart the process.

**Issue: Missing Service Provider Public Certificate**

.. code-block:: sh

>    ERRO[2019-12-23T09:06:27.654774-07:00] An error occurred while configuring SAML Service Provider  caller="app/enterprise.go:154" error="saml-public.crt: cannot read: failed to get config file saml-public.crt: failed to read file from /Users/sbishel/go/src/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/config/saml-public.crt: open /Users/sbishel/go/src/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/config/saml-public.crt: no such file or directory"

Reviewer 2: Same, change paths to ".../mattermost-server/config/saml-public.crt".

Install the Service Provider Public Certificate and restart the process.

.. note::

>    If making adjustments for these errors within System Console, not restart is required. However, if making configuration changes outside System Console, such as moving certificate files to the corrrect path.  A server restart is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If making adjustments for these errors within System Console, no restart is required. However, if making configuration changes outside System Console, such as moving certificate files to the correct path, a server restart is required.
```
